**Passage One**

**Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.**

Last year, a child was born at a hospital in the UK with her heart outside her body. 

```
前一年，一个心脏生长在体外的孩子在英国的医院出生
```

```
去年，一个孩子在英国的一家医院出生，她的心脏在体外。
```

Few babies survive this rare condition, and those who do must endure numerous operations and are likely to have complex needs. 

```
很少的孩子能够在这种稀少的情况中存活，他们必须要努力去做很多场手术和可能需要拥有复杂的需求
```

```
很少有婴儿能在这种罕见的情况下存活下来，而那些存活下来的婴儿必须忍受无数次手术，并且可能有复杂的需求。
```

```
endure：忍受
```



When her mother was interviewed, three weeks after her daughter's birth, she was asked if she was prepared for what might be a daunting (令人生畏的) task caring for her.

```
当她的母亲接受采访，三周前她的女儿诞生，她被告知她是否准备好可能去完成这个令人生畏的任务，去照顾她
```

```
当她的母亲在女儿出生三周后接受采访时，她被问及是否准备好承担照顾她的艰巨（令人生畏的）任务。
```



She answered without hesitation that, as far as she was concerned, this would be a "privilege".

```
她的回答没有半点犹豫，据她所知，这是一种责任
```

```
她毫不犹豫地回答说，在她看来，这是一种“特权”。
```

```
privilege：特权
```



Rarely has there been a better example of the power of attitude, one of our most powerful psychological tools. 

```
罕见的所这里有一个很好的例子关于有力量地态度，我们之中最有力量的心理武器
```

```
很少有更好的例子来说明态度的力量，态度的力量是我们最强大的心理工具之一。
```



Our attitudes allow us to turn mistakes into opportunities, and loss into the chance for new beginnings.

```
我们的态度运行我们将失误转化为机遇，和迷失转化为新的开始
```

```
我们的态度使我们能够将错误转化为机会，将损失转化为重新开始的机会。
```



An attitude is a settled way of thinking, feeling and/or behaving towards particular objects, people, events or ideologies. 

```
态度扎根于思想，感觉和/或 的行为指向特定的物体，人们，事件或者想法
```

```
态度是对特定对象、人、事件或意识形态的一种固定的思维、感觉和/或行为方式。
```



We use our attitudes to filter, interpret and react to the world around us. You weren't born with attitudes, rather they are all learned, and this happens in a number of ways.

```
我们使用我们的态度去过滤，翻译和抵达我们的世界。你不是生来就携带着态度，而是他们所学习而来的，和这发生在许多的方式
```

```
我们用我们的态度来过滤、解释和回应我们周围的世界。 你不是生来就有态度，而是它们都是后天习得的，这以多种方式发生。
```



The most powerful influences occur during early childhood and include both what happened to you directly, and what those around you did and said in your presence.

```
最有力量的影响出现在更早的儿童时期和包括那些直接在你身上发生的事情，和那些你表现出做过，说过的事情
```

```
最强大的影响发生在儿童早期，包括直接发生在你身上的事情，以及你周围的人在你面前的所作所为。
```



As you acquire a distinctive identity, your attitudes are further refined by the behavior of those with whom you identify -- your family, those of your gender and culture, and the people you admire, even though you may not know them personally. 

```
当你获得一个明确的身份，你的态度是被这些你认同的行为所长期影响，你的家庭，那些你的文化，和你崇拜的人，甚至你可能不了解他们个人的人
```

```
当你获得一个独特的身份时，你的态度会因与你认同的人的行为而进一步细化——你的家人、你的性别和文化，以及你钦佩的人，即使你可能不认识他们。 
```



Friendships and other important relationships become increasingly important, particularly during adolescence. About that same time and throughout adulthood, the information you receive, especially when ideas are repeated in association with goals and achievements you find attractive, also refines your attitudes.

```
友谊和其他重要的关系变得越来越重要，特别所青少年时期。
关于相同时间和经历成人时期，你接收的信息，特别所当主要被重复地和目标，成就联系起来，也会精进你的态度
```

```
友谊和其他重要关系变得越来越重要，尤其是在青春期。 大约在同一时间和整个成年期，您收到的信息，尤其是当想法与您认为有吸引力的目标和成就相关联时重复时，也会改善您的态度。
```



Many people assume that our attitudes are internally consistent, that is, the way you think and feel about someone or something predicts your behavior towards them. However, may studies have found that feelings and thoughts don't necessarily predict behavior. In general, your attitudes will be internally consistent only when the behavior is easy, and when those around you hold similar beliefs. That's why, for example, may say they believe in the benefits of recycling or exercise, but don't behave in line with their views, because it takes awareness, effort and courage to go beyond merely stating that you believe something is a good idea.

```
许多人认为我们的态度是内部的想法，但是他说，一种你思考和感受他人或者其他指导你行为的方式。
无论如何，为的研究已经发现了这种感觉和想法不需要指导行为。
总的来说。你的态度会？？仅当这种行为所简单的，和当你的身上有这相同的信念。
这种方式，举个例子，可能说他们相信着骑行和锻炼的好处，当没有拥有实现的一线，因为它？？意识，努力和勇气去超过？？你相信一些是好主意
```

```
许多人认为我们的态度是内在一致的，也就是说，你对某人或某事的看法和感受可以预测你对他们的行为。 然而，可能的研究发现，感觉和想法并不一定能预测行为。 一般来说，只有当行为很容易，并且当你周围的人持有相似的信念时，你的态度才会在内部保持一致。 这就是为什么，例如，他们可能会说他们相信回收或锻炼的好处，但不会按照他们的观点行事，因为不仅仅是说你相信某件事是个好主意，还需要意识、努力和勇气 .
```



One of the most effective ways to change an attitude is to start behaving as if you already feel and think the way you'd prefer to. Take some time to reflect on your attitudes, to think about what you believe and why. Is there anything you consider a burden rather than a privilege? It so, start behaving -- right now -- as if the latter is the case.
