阅读真题

**Passage One**

**Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.**

"The dangerous thing about lying is people don't understand how the act changes us," says Dan Ariely, behavioral psychologist at Duke University. 

```
说谎的危害是人们不会明白这是如何改变我们的，Dan Ariely 说，Duke大学的行为心理学家
```

```
“撒谎的危险在于人们不了解这种行为如何改变我们，”杜克大学的行为心理学家丹·艾瑞利说。
```



Psychologists have documented children lying as early as the age of two. Some experts even consider lying a developmental milestone, like crawling and walking, because it requires sophisticated planning, attention and the ability to see a situation from someone else's perspective to manipulate them. 

```
心理学者们已经证明孩子早在2岁以前就会撒谎了。一些专家甚至认为撒谎说一种发展的阶段，里程碑式的时期，就像爬和走路，因为它需要成熟的计划，专注和能力去看一种情况从一些人的其他方面去？？他们
```

```
心理学家记录了早在两岁时就撒谎的儿童。 一些专家甚至认为撒谎是一个发展里程碑，比如爬行和行走，因为它需要复杂的计划、注意力以及从别人的角度看待情况的能力来操纵他们。
```

```
manipulate：操控
the ability to see a situation from someone else's perspective to manipulate them. 
其中，
the ability to：一种能力
see a situation：看情况
from someone else's perspective：从其他人的角度
to manipulate them. 去操控他们
```

But, for most people, lying gets limited as we develop a sense of morality and the ability to self-regulate.

```
但是，对于大多数人，撒谎限制我们去发展同情心的感受和自我尊重的能力
```

```
但是，对于大多数人来说，当我们培养一种道德感和自我调节能力时，撒谎就会变得有限。
```

```
morality：道德
self-regulate:自我调解
```



Harvard cognitive neuroscientist Joshua Greene says. for most of us, lying takes work. In studies, he gave subjects a chance to deceive for monetary gain while examining their brains in a functional MRI machine，which maps blood flow to active parts of the brain. 

```
哈佛的神经专家 Joshua Greene 说，对于大多数的我们，谎言一直在工作。在研究中，他给了一个课题一个机会去？？为了？？获得当大脑的功能 MRI 机器，血液流动地图去激活大脑中的部分区域
```

```
哈佛认知神经科学家 Joshua Greene 说。 对于我们大多数人来说，说谎需要工作。 在研究中，他让受试者有机会在使用功能性 MRI 机器检查他们的大脑时进行欺骗以获取金钱利益，该机器将血流映射到大脑的活跃部分。
```

```
deceive：欺骗
monetary：金钱
```



Some people told the truth instantly and instinctively. 

```
一些人在一瞬间说出真相。
```

```
instinctively.：本能

```

```
有些人本能地立即说出了真相。
```



But others opted to lie, and they showed increased activity in their frontal parietal (颅腔壁的) control network, which is involved in difficult or complex thinking.

```
但是其他的？？去撒谎，如何他们展示出了他们的前颅腔壁的控制网络呈现上升活动，这包含困难和复杂的思考
```

```
但其他人选择撒谎，他们的额顶叶（颅腔壁）控制网络的活动增加，涉及困难或复杂的思维。
```

```
opt：选择
```



 This suggests that they were deciding between truth and dishonesty and ultimately opting for the latter. For a follow-up analysis, he found that people whose neural(神经的)reward centres were more active when they won money were also more likely to be among the group of liars- suggesting that lying may have to do with the inability to resist temptation.

```
他们在诚实和不诚实之间的抉择的建议和之后不诚实和马上选择。经过接下来的分析，他发现那些神经的奖励中心说更加活跃的人，当他们赢得钱也更加在撒谎建议组，那是困难去？？？。
```

```
这表明他们在真理和不诚实之间做出选择，最终选择了后者。 在后续分析中，他发现那些在赢钱时神经奖赏中心更活跃的人也更有可能成为说谎者——这表明说谎可能与无法抗拒有关 诱惑。
```

```
ultimately：最后
```



Extremal conditions also matter in terms of when and how often we lie. 

```
极端的情况也？？什么时候为什么我们会撒谎
```

```
极端条件对我们撒谎的时间和频率也很重要。
```



We are more likely to lie, research shows, when we are able to rationalise it, when we are stressed and fatigued or see others being dishonest. 

```
我们更喜欢撒谎，研究者表示，当我们能够去？？它，我们害怕或者担心其他人不诚实
```

```
研究表明，我们更有可能撒谎，当我们能够合理化它时，当我们感到压力和疲劳或看到别人不诚实时。
```

```
rationalise：合理化
```



And we are less likely to lie when we have moral reminders or when we think others are watching. "We as a society need to understand that, when we don't punish lying, we increase the probability it will happen again," Ariely says.

```
和我们更少去撒谎，当我们有道德提醒和当我们认为别人正在看着的时候。“我们社会需要去了解它，当我们不去惩罚谎言，我们就会再一次地去重复它”
```

```
当我们有道德提示或认为别人在看时，我们就不太可能撒谎。 “作为一个社会，我们需要明白，当我们不惩罚说谎时，我们会增加它再次发生的可能性，”Ariely 说。
```



In a 2016 study published in the journal Nature Neuroscience, Ariely and colleagues showed how dishonesty alters people's brains, making it easier to tell lies in the future. When people uttered a falsehood, the scientists noticed a burst of activity in their amygdala. The amygdala is a crucial part of the brain that produces fear, anxiety and emotional responses including that sinking, guilty feeling you get when you lie. But when scientists had their subjects play a game- in which they won money by deceiving their partner, they noticed the negative signals from the amygdala began to decrease. Not only that, but when people faced no consequences for dishonesty, their falsehoods tended to get even more sensational. This means that if you give people multiple opportunities to lie for their own benefit, they start with little lies which get bigger over time. 



\46. Why do some experts consider lying a milestone in a child's development?
A) It shows they have the ability to view complex situations from different angles.
B) It indicates they have an ability more remarkable than crawling and walking.
C) It represents their ability to actively interact with people around them.
D) It involves the coordination of both their mental and physical abilities.
\47. Why does the Harvard neuroscientist say that lying takes work?
A) It is hard to choose from several options.
B) It is difficult to sound natural or plausible.
C) It requires speedy blood flow into one's brain.
D) It involves lots of sophisticated mental activity.
\48. Under what circumstances do people tend to lie?
A) When they become too emotional.
B) When they face too much peer pressure.
C) When the temptation is too strong.
D) When the consequences are not imminent.
\49. When are people less likely to lie?
A) When they are worm out and stressed.
B) When they are under watchful eyes.
C) When they think in a rational way.
D) When they have a clear conscience.
\50. What does the author say will happen when a liar does not get punished?
A) They may feel justified.
B) They will tell bigger lies.
C) They will become complacent.
D) They may mix lies and truths.
